#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
alembic==1.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
blinker==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentry-sdk
boto3==1.26.115
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
botocore==1.29.115
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
celery[redis]==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prance
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   clickclick
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
clickclick==20.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
connexion[swagger-ui]==2.14.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
cryptography==42.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyjwt
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
filelock==3.13.1
    # via virtualenv
flask==2.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-redis
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   types-flask-migrate
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-migrate==4.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-redis==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-sqlalchemy==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   types-flask-migrate
flipper-client==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
funding-service-design-utils==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
identify==2.5.34
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   swagger-ui-bundle
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-spec==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
kombu==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.29.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
multimethod==1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandera
mypy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   sqlalchemy-stubs
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via pre-commit
notifications-python-client==9.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
    #   pandera
openapi-schema-validator==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.5.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   pandera
    #   prance
    #   pytest
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandera
pandas-stubs==2.0.1.230501
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pandera==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pathable==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema-spec
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prance==0.22.11.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pre-commit==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.10.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandera
pydot==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pyee==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   notifications-python-client
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
    #   pydot
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-env==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-consul==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   clickclick
    #   connexion
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   pre-commit
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   flask-redis
    #   flipper-client
requests==2.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   prance
    #   python-consul
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
rich==12.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prance
ruff==0.4.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
semver==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prance
sentry-sdk[flask]==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prance
    #   python-consul
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   thrift
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-stubs==0.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
swagger-ui-bundle==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
thrift==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
typeguard==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandera
types-beautifulsoup4==4.12.0.20240511
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-click==7.1.8
    # via types-flask
types-colorama==0.4.15.20240311
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-docutils==0.21.0.20240423
    # via types-pygments
types-flask==1.1.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-flask-migrate==4.0.0.20240311
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.9.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-html5lib==1.1.11.20240228
    # via types-beautifulsoup4
types-jinja2==2.11.9
    # via types-flask
types-jmespath==1.0.2.20240106
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-markupsafe==1.1.10
    # via types-jinja2
types-openpyxl==3.1.2.20240601
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-psycopg2==2.9.21.20240417
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-pygments==2.18.0.20240506
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-pymysql==1.1.0.20240524
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-pytz==2024.1.0.20240417
    # via pandas-stubs
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20240311
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
types-setuptools==70.0.0.20240524
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   types-pygments
types-sqlalchemy==1.4.53.38
    # via types-flask-sqlalchemy
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
types-werkzeug==1.0.9
    # via types-flask
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-stubs
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandera
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.25.0
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandera
xlsxwriter==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
