#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_dev.in
#
alembic==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
attrs==23.1.0
    # via flake8-bugbear
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bs4
black==22.12.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
blinker==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   sentry-sdk
boto3==1.28.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
botocore==1.31.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
    #   pur
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   click
    #   pytest
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
coverage[toml]==7.2.7
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyjwt
cssmin==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flake8==6.1.0
    # via
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   pep8-naming
flake8-bugbear==23.3.23
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
flask==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-assets
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-redis
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   sentry-sdk
flask-assets==2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-migrate==4.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-redis==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-sqlalchemy==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flipper-client==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
funding-service-design-utils==2.0.14
    # via -r requirements.txt
govuk-frontend-jinja==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   govuk-frontend-jinja
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsmin==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   werkzeug
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   pytest
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via black
pep8-naming==0.13.3
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pip-tools==6.14.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.2.0
    # via pytest
pur==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pycodestyle==2.11.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyee==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
pyflakes==3.1.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pytest==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-env
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-env==0.8.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-consul==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-redis
    #   flipper-client
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   python-consul
    #   requests-mock
requests-mock==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
rich==12.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
s3transfer==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
sentry-sdk[flask]==1.29.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-consul
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   thrift
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
thrift==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
webassets==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-assets
werkzeug==2.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
wheel==0.41.0
    # via pip-tools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
