#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_dev.in
#
alembic==1.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via flake8-bugbear
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
bandit==1.7.5
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
black==22.12.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
blinker==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   sentry-sdk
boto3==1.26.133
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
botocore==1.29.133
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
    #   pur
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
coverage[toml]==7.2.3
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyjwt
cssmin==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
deepmerge==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   govuk-frontend-wtf
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
email-validator==2.0.0.post2
    # via -r requirements.txt
flake8==6.0.0
    # via
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   pep8-naming
flake8-bugbear==23.3.23
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
flask==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-assets
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-redis
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   govuk-frontend-wtf
    #   sentry-sdk
flask-assets==2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-migrate==4.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-redis==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-sqlalchemy==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-talisman==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-wtf==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   govuk-frontend-wtf
flipper-client==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
funding-service-design-utils==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via bandit
govuk-frontend-jinja==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   govuk-frontend-wtf
govuk-frontend-wtf==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   govuk-frontend-jinja
    #   govuk-frontend-wtf
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsmin==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   pytest
pathspec==0.11.1
    # via black
pbr==5.11.1
    # via stevedore
pep8-naming==0.13.3
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pip-tools==6.13.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
platformdirs==3.4.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
pur==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyee==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pytest==7.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-env==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-consul==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   funding-service-design-utils
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-redis
    #   flipper-client
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   python-consul
    #   requests-mock
requests-mock==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
rich==12.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   funding-service-design-utils
s3transfer==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
sentry-sdk[flask]==1.22.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-consul
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   thrift
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sqlalchemy==2.0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
stevedore==5.0.0
    # via bandit
thrift==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
webassets==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-assets
werkzeug==2.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
wheel==0.40.0
    # via pip-tools
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-wtf
    #   govuk-frontend-wtf

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
