#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.10.4
    # via flask-migrate
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
babel==2.12.1
    # via flask-babel
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via funding-service-design-utils
blinker==1.6.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   sentry-sdk
boto3==1.26.133
    # via flipper-client
botocore==1.29.133
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via flipper-client
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via flask
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
cryptography==42.0.4
    # via pyjwt
cssmin==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
deepmerge==1.1.0
    # via govuk-frontend-wtf
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
docopt==0.6.2
    # via notifications-python-client
email-validator==2.0.0.post2
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-assets
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-redis
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   govuk-frontend-wtf
    #   sentry-sdk
flask-assets==2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via funding-service-design-utils
flask-migrate==4.0.7
    # via funding-service-design-utils
flask-redis==0.4.0
    # via funding-service-design-utils
flask-sqlalchemy==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask-migrate
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-talisman==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-wtf==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   govuk-frontend-wtf
flipper-client==1.3.2
    # via funding-service-design-utils
funding-service-design-utils==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
govuk-frontend-jinja==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   govuk-frontend-wtf
govuk-frontend-wtf==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   funding-service-design-utils
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   govuk-frontend-jinja
    #   govuk-frontend-wtf
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsmin==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
notifications-python-client==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyee==6.0.0
    # via flipper-client
pygments==2.15.1
    # via rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.7.0
    # via
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   notifications-python-client
python-consul==1.1.0
    # via flipper-client
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via funding-service-design-utils
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via funding-service-design-utils
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   flask-babel
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via funding-service-design-utils
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   flask-redis
    #   flipper-client
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   python-consul
rich==12.6.0
    # via funding-service-design-utils
s3transfer==0.6.1
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk[flask]==2.10.0
    # via funding-service-design-utils
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   python-consul
    #   python-dateutil
    #   thrift
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.13
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.3
    # via funding-service-design-utils
thrift==0.16.0
    # via flipper-client
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
webassets==2.0
    # via flask-assets
werkzeug==2.3.8
    # via flask
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask-wtf
    #   govuk-frontend-wtf

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
